---
layout: default
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Why did you delete my meme?

Memes have historically been a controvertial topic in our server. On the one
hand, they can be fun. On the other, they can be hurtful. A non-trivial
fraction of memes shared on our server attempt to get laughs by making fun of a
group of people, language, or technology.

It's difficult to draw the line for what is and isn't allowed. We don't want to
ban humour, but we do want to make sure our server doesn't intimidate people or
lead them to believe that people using a language or technology are stupid for
doing so.

If a moderator deleted or asked you to delete your meme, it is because they
were worried that it might break the inclusive atmosphere we try to maintain.

### But it was just a joke, what gives?

We don't doubt that you meant it in good humour. We don't hate fun. What we
want to avoid is having new members join the server, see a room full of people
making fun of their technology choices, and feeling unwelcome. With a community
of over 10,000 people from many different backgrounds, we have to take extra
care in this area.

## Why shouldn't I ask to ask?

Let's say you join the server and say something like:

	<alice> does anyone know about cryptography?

Typically people who are looking to answer questions will scan through their
favourite channels and try to pitch in on topics they know about.

Anyone who doesn't feel like they have a really strong grasp on cryptography
isn't going to feel confident enough to reply to you.

Additionally, cryptography is quite a niche topic. We don't have a huge number
of people that know a lot about it, so it's likely to be a while before
someone gets around to answering you. When they do, it could be that you're no
longer online and you'll have to wait even longer to get your answer.

If you straight-up ask the question from the get-go, anyone who happens to
knowthe answer can chime in. Maybe your question didn't need all that much
cryptography knowledge after-all. 

You also may find that the question gets answered while you're away from
Discord, and you come back to an answer to your question instead of someone
saying: "I know cryptograhy, what do you want to know?"
